Skip to content
News Center
Press
Features
Video
Topics
Follow
Corporate Blog

Explore SAP


Press Room

SAP Announces Q1 2026 Results
  
Press Release by SAP News
April 23, 2026
WALLDORF — SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) today announced its financial results for the first quarter of 2026.

At a glance
Current cloud backlog of €21.9 billion, up 20% and up 25% at constant currencies
Cloud revenue up 19% and up 27% at constant currencies
Cloud ERP Suite revenue up 23% and up 30% at constant currencies
Total revenue up 6% and up 12% at constant currencies
IFRS operating profit up 17%, non-IFRS operating profit up 17% and up 24% at constant currencies
Christian Klein, CEO:
“We had a strong start to the year, with Current Cloud Backlog growing by 25% and Cloud Revenue up 27% at constant currencies. This performance is supported by our momentum in Business AI as we are already delivering real outcomes for customers today. We are growing faster than the market and are gaining share as customers expand across our Suite and with our AI solutions. At Sapphire, we will show how we are taking the next leap forward.”

Dominik Asam, CFO:
“We delivered a solid start to the year, supported by disciplined execution in revenue and profitability. At the same time, we have remained focused on managing our cost base and maintaining profitability as we navigate an increasingly complex and uncertain macroeconomic and geopolitical environment.”

Find all results in the Quarterly Statement
View the document
About SAP
As a global leader in enterprise applications and business AI, SAP (NYSE:SAP) stands at the nexus of business and technology. For over 50 years, organizations have trusted SAP to bring out their best by uniting business-critical operations spanning finance, procurement, HR, supply chain, and customer experience. For more information, visit www.sap.com.

Note to editors:
To preview and download broadcast-standard stock footage and press photos digitally, please visit www.sap.com/photos. On this platform, you can find high resolution material for your media channels.

For more information, press only:
Marcus Winkler, +46 (6227) 7-67497, marcus.winkler@sap.com, CEST
Daniel Reinhardt, +49 (6227) 7-40201, daniel.reinhardt@sap.com, CEST

For more information, financial community only:
Alexandra Steiger, +49 (6227) 7-60437, alexandra.steiger@sap.com, CEST

This document contains forward-looking statements, which are predictions, projections, or other statements about future events. These statements are based on current expectations, forecasts, and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and outcomes to materially differ. Additional information regarding these risks and uncertainties may be found in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including but not limited to the risk factors section of SAP’s 2025 Annual Report on Form 20-F.
© 2026 SAP SE. All rights reserved.
SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see https://www.sap.com/copyright for additional trademark information and notices.

Tags:
EarningsSAP Investor Relations
More in Investor relations
Press Release
SAP Announces Q2 and Half-Year 2026 Results
by SAP News
July 23, 2026
Newsbyte
SAP Completes Acquisition of Prior Labs
by SAP News
July 17, 2026
Newsbyte
SAP Completes Acquisition of Dremio
by SAP News
July 6, 2026
SAP

United States
+1-800-872-1727


Or see our complete list of local country numbers


Contact us

Quick links
Speak Out at SAP
SAP Trust Center
SAP Store
Technology platform
Industries
Find a partner
Trials and demos
Find services
Trending
SAP Connect
SAP TechEd
AI platform
Artificial Intelligence
RISE with SAP
Midsize business solutions
Sustainability
Partner ecosystem
About SAP
Company information
Worldwide directory
Investor Relations
Careers
News and press
Blogs and resources
Events
Customer stories
Newsletter
Site information
Privacy
Terms of use
Legal disclosure
Copyright
Trademark
Cookie statement
Cookie preferences
Do not share/sell my personal information
© 2026 SAP SE or an SAP affiliate company. All rights reserved.

Facebook
YouTube
LinkedIn
Instagram
Email share
